[CK] updated github repo link (#4431)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/composablekernel/docs/Contributors_Guide.rst

* Ensure a manageable pull request size: Pull requests should be limited to approximately one thousand lines. If your changes significantly exceed one thousand lines, break them into smaller pull requests that can be reviewed independently.

* Use pre-commit hooks to adhere to the coding style: Composable Kernel's coding style is defined in `.clang-format <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/composablekernel/.clang-format>`_. Use the provided pre-commit hooks to run clang formatting and linting. Instructions on installing pre-commit hooks are available in the `README file <https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/README.md#contributing-to-ck>`_. 

Forks require an approver from AMD to trigger continuous integration (CI) testing. This approval process is necessary for security and resource management.

> Depending on the complexity of your changes, an  AMD developer might need to pull your changes and perform additional fixes or modifications before merging. This collaborative approach ensures compatibility with internal systems and standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the complexity of your changes, an AMD developer might need to pull them and make additional fixes or modifications before merging. This collaborative approach ensures compatibility with internal systems and standards.
```
